Add CoRIM extension mechanisms (#96)
veraison/corim: README.md

make presubmit
```
and check its output to make sure your code coverage figures are in line with the set target and that there are no newly introduced lint problems.

## Extending CoRIM/CoMID

The CoRIM specification provides for extensions via CDDL map-extension and
type-choice sockets. `corim` and `comid` types that support map extensions

> embed and `Extensions` object that allows registering a struct defining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
embed an `Extensions` object that allows registering a struct defining
```

> The CoRIM specification provides for extensions via CDDL map-extension and
> type-choice sockets. `corim` and `comid` types that support map extensions
> embed an `Extensions` object that allows registering a struct defining
> extension fields. Type choice extensions can be implemented by calling an
> appropriate registration function and giving it a new type or (for enums)
> value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CoRIM specification provides a meachanism for adding extensions to the base CoRIM schema. The `corim` and `comid` maps which can be extended, embed an `Extensions` object  that allows registering a wrapper structure defining extension fields. For native types that can be extended, i.e. `type choice` extensions can be implemented by calling an appropriate registration function and giving it a new type or a value (for enums).
```
